this is a windows phone 7 game review of
rocket riot developed by Microsoft Game
Studios rocket riot is Xbox Live title
in the windows phone marketplace and is
available for six dollars and
ninety-nine cents gameplay is a lot of
fun and rocket riot you control the
games by using your left finger to move
over here and just drag on the screen
and then your right finger to drag on
the right side of the screen to shoot
your rockets and so anywhere you place
you just drag with your left thing and
you can move around the map and then you
can aim your rocket with your right and
you can shoot it depending on how far
you drag your finger you can shoot it
further or shorter addition to
controlling the game with your touch you
can also control it with the g sensor
and you can move your character as
I personally prefer just using my left
finger to move the character and since
it's a bit more accurate and the
gameplay is really really fun once you
get flying through the game and killing
enemies in this drawing environment is
possibly the funniest thing ever in
addition to just the standard kill all
the enemies and beat the level there's
also some boss levels and levels where
you have to complete certain missions
like throw a football through a field
goal or destroy some different little
and on what you call these things little
designs in the level you have to destroy
them all before you beat the game and of
course you can unlock achievements for
getting certain number of combos some of
the power-ups include this powerup lets
you shoot through walls
let him let you fly through walls and
there's some bad power up like this one
which turns your missile launcher into a
fake gun and you just have to wait until
the powerup runs out and then there's
this power up or you can keep on holding
with your right finger and rapidly shoot
missiles and there's a bunch more
power-ups that you'll receive throughout
the game and there's sort of a story to
the game but it's not engaging at all in
its kinda just a little filler that they
put in to push you through playing the
game in addition to the campaign game
there's also the quick play mode where
you can play any of the levels that
you've already unlocked and there are 48
levels in the game total you can also
choose a different character to play
with and you can unlock these as you
play through the game and you can be
your local leader board and look at the
achievements you already have and can
get